you know things are getting bad when
Warren Buffett and Jamie demon are
warning about stocks getting ahead of
themselves you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at the extremes of the
extremes and can you believe it it might
just get more extreme yeah I'm not
kidding look at this you've got Jamie
demon saying that before any crash it
felt great Jamie demon isn't sold on the
good news coming out of the US econ
saying that it may prove a precursor of
a recession now we don't know what's
going to happen before it does but I
have read the history and I know that he
has as well and if the permanently High
Plateau the most famous of all lines
from a failed Economist happened to then
literally weeks later come the biggest
crash we have ever had up until that
point and still day
89% down 1929 from the top to the bottom
89% and of course we know what happened
during the Great Depression but it
wasn't after the Roaring 20s that it
took all of that growth and then we had
the problems you see everything was so
great during the Roaring 20s wasn't it
but then what followed was
chaotic big Tech roaring profit machine
eases fears of rally reversal yes
there's no question about this what we
are seeing today is very different from
what we had back in you know the dot
boom and bust I believe it's different
and the reason I say that yes this time
is different the reason I say that is
because what we had in
2020 my opinion that was a lot like the
do boom and bust today we have actual
real companies like apple or Amazon that
are doing exceptionally well overall and
their businesses you know they have tons
of customers and things back in 2020
people were buying into things that were
nothing in fact I think I have that one
set up already where you can look at
this let's just take a look at it for a
sec okay we'll fast forward there are
many companies that are
severely like down way way down from
where they were oh in 2020 Zoom is going
to be the next big thing yeah we're
still using Zoom I use zoom on my Friday
and Sunday live sessions great I pay
them
yes and and the reason only reason I pay
them is because I I need longer than 40
minutes okay but look at pelaton is
everybody going did everybody quit the
gym did everybody dro the gym and then
they went all on pelaton for a little
bit maybe but people were buying
$33,000 bikes and then that started to
turn around DocuSign do people use
DocuSign today oh absolutely but what
happened to the stock down
83%
Etsy okay just it just got caught up in
this whole excitement and Mna I guess
they needed to make some weight loss
drugs in order to get very popular at
this time because that's what it's all
about now and so we got to remember that
why are these stocks going up the ones
who have genuine business that are not
based on this future ideology of you
know it's AI oh the future is AI
therefore this company's going to do
well that's not what should make a stock
go up it has has to be based Loosely on
where the sales are okay or you got to
have some piece of technology say hey
look this is what we're working on right
now it's in development it's not this
you know Pie in the Sky thing out in the
future if you see that you have
punishment coming your way okay don't
believe
it this is talking about the dollar the
US dollar there's no question about I
have talked in depth about how the US
dollar ultimately is being devalued
significantly and there are some who
they don't understand how it works
they're like what are you talking about
I see the dollar and I think it's doing
well well that's compared to its peers
so you want to compare the dollar to
what the Mexican peso you want to
compare that to like what other currency
are you doing that with but of course
here we have so the trade weighted
dollar nears the 2020 era highs okay so
you're going to see like depending on
the way you measure this that the US
dollar overall is going to look very
strong but it depends on its position
there's no question about it the US
dollar itself it's being devalued
against Real Goods we know this to be a
fact but we also have to understand that
it depends on his position of how tight
their monetary policy is so if they say
hey we are going to keep rates higher
for longer the US dollar can get
stronger that's the way it works
so keep that in mind okay this is
showing us breadth so for my uh Finance
Friday Live Crew look at this right here
I I want to cover this by the way
Finance Friday I know you're listening
um I I'll cover all these charts in
depth on Friday but for now get a little
sneak peek nysse breadth measures high
but not yet near extremes so we are
getting this the breadth is is bad what
does that mean is essentially just
looking
at you know um the positioning in total
like how many stocks are actually doing
well and it's saying we're in the 85th
percentile so 85th percentile meaning
you know generally we don't get this
level of breadth and hopefully the idea
here is that other stocks start to come
up not that the high flying stocks come
down that's what they're hoping for
current bull market is historically mild
so I said to you at the beginning it
could get worse it could get more
extreme and here we have it looking at
this today's bull market is towards
milder of historical ones now what I
would like to note
here is that today we have a select
number of stocks that are doing well
when you look at it equal weighted so
imagine you took the S&P 500 and you did
it equal weighted so all 500 stocks
equal weighted the performance like it's
very very poor and it hasn't moved uh
all throughout this period and of course
yeah that's you know there's always
going to be poor performers of course uh
but it just gives us a little sense of
how well certain stocks are doing versus
the General
market excess liquidity can keep the
bull market going we're in EN Titan
environment still according to the FED
funds rate of course looking at you know
liquidity overall that's a different
story but when we talk about the FED
funds rate imagine we haven't even
dropped rates yet look at Bitcoin at the
time of this recording it's I think I
read like 57,000 or something look at
what's going on with stocks in general I
mean imagine just imagine what happens
they say okay we're going to start
cutting interest rates okay we're going
to stop quantitative tightening what do
you think is going to happen
this thing is going to go berserk now
that ends badly but before that does
we're going to party like it's 1999
baby Rising money growth supporting
Global excess liquidity I thought it was
interesting just to look at the G10 M1
growth becoming less of the like okay so
just look at this for a second
here we are seeing this specifically
right now today where we have have
economic growth going year overy year
moving in an uptrend all right that's
one thing but when we look at the actual
money supply okay when I look at the
money supply I think to myself this has
to move up in relation to the the total
economic growth so like GDP numbers
right they both have to move up together
and if they don't that generally insists
that there's something of a mismatch
there's a problem and then it let's just
say it fixes
itself when we don't have growth to
support this you know you have a lot of
money printing but no real growth then
you have inflation you need the economy
to be growing at this time if you're
going to have money growth and and uh of
course they work hand inand and so we're
seeing that right
now I'm concerned about what's happening
here um because they haven't even really
stepped on the gas at all so the level
of inflation that we are dealing with um
I would say that for the most part it's
going to be very
painful um coming up I'm I'm just I'm
just got to be honest with you okay just
looking at where we are it the likely
scenario is a special esally if there's
a little bit of deflation like if we get
deflation the end result is a very
painful
deflation
okay this is just showing us the winners
and losers which I showed you a moment
ago here we have waren Buffett okay so
the uh letter to the shareholders talked
about this all in all we have no
possibility of eye popping performance
that's a
from Warren
Buffett that's what they do right he's
saying hey we've missed a lot of
opportunities this and that but based on
many factors no possibility of ey
popping performance from here on out
like saying like hey we really squeeze
this thing big time that's what he's
saying and then we have Kathy Wood
everybody's favorite selling into Nvidia
frenzy again and cuts tsmc steak so is
she now
right or you know you know how do you
want to play that because she would had
been royally wrong many many many times
uh all throughout burning investor
Capital continuing to be let on CNBC and
Bloomberg and all the
rest and meanwhile here we have her
selling shares I'm interested to know
what you think about
that so the idea here is that we are at
this very
unusual time frame in history because we
have way too much
liquidity that's in this system from a
few years
ago and like imagine like a bunch of
storms like like a shark NATO okay we
have a shark NATO happening right now
never watched that movie by the way but
just the title enough is funny and imag
just imagine this thing barreling like a
whole bunch of trillions upon trillions
of dollars just ready to envelop this
whole system it's
coming all we need is a
reason who knows what's going to happen
where we going to be at banking crisis I
mean it could be anything but this is
where we are here and now if you want to
join the group on the finance Friday
live and get these things in depth liter
depth for for literally 2 hours two
hours on a Friday I hope that you'll
join me on there link is in the
description by the way I'm selling my
whole uh YouTuber setup if you are
interested in in the cameras and all
that stuff uh everything I have will be
listed down below just email me
davidthe gps.com uh getting rid of
everything for like half off or probably
less um if you're interested in that
davidthe gps.com and I'll see you
tomorrow take care